[Applause]
in the coca-cola football league
playoffs it's the leak to final it's
Bristol Rovers against Shrewsbury live
on Sky Sports 3 in HD to channel 409
and the footed martini come across to
take mrs. brother will be here with a
blackboard tomorrow
full squad
dangerous and set basis Wow looks like
travel
extra Shrewsbury Town within three
minutes
well everybody says that there are
massive danger from set-pieces and
didn't they show it there it's all about
equality bill ballin you put it in like
this you get a chance to attack it look
at Lori is out there
apparently spots wonderful delivery not
a chance for the keeper fantastic
textbook free-kick terrific header not a
chance for the goalkeeper
that's perfection wall on the other ball
in allows you to time you run look at
that for downward had a perfect Stuart
Drummond is the scorer
only his fifth goal of the season and
he's the first man to score in a player
fight
that's one to tell the grandchildren
about
[Applause]
Lambert with a good hold up play
Ryan green
crystal wrappers are level
top-scorer
was a thing of beauty the presto Roma's
great strike it
to their post oh good strikers do that
there's a delivery of a ball that was
again high quality the build-up was good
the key possession look at this room
from the pullback gets it behind just
put it in an area where he knows he set
it forward an attack at the near post
and that's a terrific finish
he gets it at the near closing still got
a lot to do look it up for a finish
terrific
it's quality strike play that's what
you're setting forward and therefore
more the tracking air pose or goes
instead a world
in this tremendous finish
[Applause]
who was scored against Arsenal Aston
Villa
[Applause]
and his younger days at the quite
[Music]
if crystal rebus can produce more
finishes like that water clever finish
up the outside of a boat from it it's a
big chance wasn't it Gary it was a the
quality they put in there it must work
on it every day at training because it
doesn't come by fluke it comes by
ability and quality and the atomic goes
in that crystal Rose butchers got in
behind me
[Applause]
and he studied at
he's on fire
is so cute
[Applause]
[Music]
you can panic you can lose it any times
it well
look at the coolness his weight knows
exactly what he wants to do and just
finishes absolutely superbly
got a lot to do we're mixing wine up
early Caesar keeper come up his line
what a
[Music]
gets in behind what a problem replace
this time first it is good lift it over
and that's a beautiful finish
I was going to say carry a go to grace
the European Cup final in the leaked
info Arabian ambassadors in the
Europeans
Riley sighs suddenly
[Applause]
niggath Steve Phillips he's gone on his
own tour of Wembley
the former Bristol City County / very
much for Rovers now and so is this man a
Richard Walker - sumptuous pieces of
finishing from him to turn this game
around
at Bristol rooibos well they just gon
stop scoring Kelly
[Applause]
[Music]
who's been devilish with this delivery
all afternoon
[Music]
[Applause]
place it in today
what's the goalkeeper Campodonico knees
tinu as I go
his empty piece like tech-savvy on
is he gonna set foot
[Applause]
savvy
[Music]
and the celebrations
[Applause]
and buyers
nice release for you
they fell down that is a fail
solutely flat as a pancake
[Music]
that's what happened you got 10 man your
goalkeeper goes up
he's defended well and all of a sudden
he sees a massive massive opportunity
but he's going to keep his head and what
it does do it takes his time concentrate
just hit the target
was agonizingly close Vietnam or will
the defender get back that no just
enough on it to get it over the line
the pure relief remember ybody connected
with Bristol Rovers was evident
[Applause]
and what a moment for Sammy I go who's
only in the side today really because Jo
Jacobson's loan had run out I'm sure
they'd have been unchanged but for that
when I go has now scored at the
Millennium Stadium and Wembley in the
same season
mr. Robers offer motive to me
rocky shores great
go on
[Music]
the gaps well water gas put them to
death
skipper Stewart Campbell
they suffered relegation during his time
at Grimsby Town is promoted today
Bristol Rovers
[Music]
[Applause]
he's done for the top is about having
the right people
the ball played the part a little guy
with a beard a dacoit Uncle Albert and
they absolutely slaughtered the players
do eat stones in the dressing movement
at all counts
commence enjoying himself ously it
[Music]
[Applause]
babies flowing
rooibos
after several seasons in the Dover
they even gladly been losing their place
in the football league yeah that was it
[Music]
nice cliche but is a good one
[Applause]
you